`merge_grad_ref.py`
====================

Mail merge for grad school recommendation letters.

Combines a LaTeX template with grad school data to generate multiple copies of a
recommendation letter that are customized to each institution.

Inputs:
* LaTeX file with recommendation letter.  
* YAML file with data about each school.  Each entry begins with a school
  abbreviation as a key to the following dictionary of additional data
    * school (required)
    * degree (required)
    * program (required)
    * city (required)
    * state OR country (required)
    * dept (optional, if different from program)
    * deadline (optional, for information purposes only)

Current substitutions include:
* Direct substitutions:
    * %SCHOOL% <- 'school'
    * %PROGRAM% <- 'program'
    * %DEGREE% <- 'degree'
* Constructed substitutions   
    * %ADDRESS% <- generated by combining the 'program', 'department', 'school', 'city', 'state', and 'country' data.

Address Substitutions
----------------------

The address substitution is composed of two parts.  

The first part is the program/department part.  All entries must have a
'program'.  For cases in which there is a separate entry for the department,
this part will include both the 'program' and the 'dept' on a separate line.

The second part is geographic and always includes the name of the institution
('school') and the 'city' on the next line.  For entries that include a 'state',
this will be appended after the 'city'.  For entries that include a 'country',
this will appended on a new line.